Bryce A. Jech
412 E. Topaz Ave
Stillwater, OK 74075
(405) 714-0820
bryce@brycejech.com
https://brycejech.com
---------------------

November 29, 2018

Hiring Team
Interworks
425 S. Sangre Rd
Stillwater, OK 74074

Hiring Team,

I am interested in a career as a web developer at Interworks. I have lived and worked in Stillwater, OK since 2009 and have been developing web sites and web applications since 2014. The skills I have developed in my previous positions make me an excellent candidate for a career at Interworks.

In my previous experiences as a web developer I have built public-facing websites, numerous internal web applications, lead teams of developers, designers, and testers, given technical technical trainings to developers and managers, managed hosting environments and more for my employers. I have strong reading and writing skills, both technical and non-technical, and have given several technical talks as well as written various public guides and articles about various aspects of web development.

I am extremely passionate about what I do, am an avid self-starter, and thoroughly enjoy solving problems with software. I am a problem-solver at heart and enjoy tackling the difficult and unique challenges that web development has to offer. I have been extremely fortunate to have found a career that I enjoy so much and am confident that I would bring a lot of passion and excitement to the Interworks organization.

At my previous employer I was fortunate enough to receive the 2017 Rookie of the Year award as well as multiple awards for exceeding expectations both in my role as a web developer and as a positive contributor to the company culture. I've also recently received a Creative Contributions award from Payne County Youth Services for my volunteer work on their website and digital fundraising campaign in 2018. Company culture is an extremely important aspect of any organization and I believe that if you get the culture right, everything else falls into place. I enjoy being part of an organization that takes care to get the culture right and hope that I can help strengthen the cultural fabric of the Interworks team.

Thank you for your consideration. I hope to hear from you soon and am excited for any opportunity to join the Interworks team.

Sincerely,

Bryce Jech
